Question: Registration/Sign Up
Answer: Install the Choice App (Android & iOS) and on the Login Page click on ‘Create Account’.Enter the below following details of the user & Click on SubmitName (Compulsory)Mobile Number (Compulsory)City (Compulsory)Email IDReferral ID (If any)Enter & verify the OTP number received on your registered mobile number.Keep the below-mentioned documents/details ready in soft copy:Address ProofPAN CardCancelled Cheque Photograph Signature on a White PaperIncome ProofEnter your Permanent Account Number (PAN) & Date of Birth & Click on NextUpload/Click an image of your PAN Card and enter your basic details.Email IDMobile NumberDate of BirthPermanent Account Number (PAN) Aadhaar Number (Optional)Enter your Basic Details.Full NameFather's NameMother’s nameAadhaar NumberBirthplaceGenderMarital StatusSelect box if you are affiliated to any political partySelect box if you wish to add a nomineeEnter your Address Details (In case it is not fetched from KRA (KYC Registration Agency) i.e PAN)AddressCityStatePostal Zip CodeIf you’ve opted to add a nominee, then enter the following details.Nominee NameRelation Select box if the nominee address is same as your permanent addressSelect box if the nominee is a minorSelect your Economic Details.Income Slab OccupationEducational QualificationPrevious Trading ExperienceUpload/Click an image of your Cancelled Cheque/Pass Book (Please ensure it has your Name, IFSC & MICR) and enter the following bank details.Account NumberIFSC Code (If you don’t know your IFSC. You can choose to search by the bank name or branch name by clicking on the ‘Click Here’ link next to ‘Don’t Remember IFSC Code?’)Bank Postal Zip CodeSelect if you have a Savings/Current AccountSelect the segment you want to trade inEquity/Derivatives - (NSE Cash, BSE Cash, NSE F&O and BSE F&O)Currency - (NSE Currency and BSE Currency)Commodities - (MCX and NCDEX)For In-Person VerificationWrite down the OTP mentioned on the screen, on a clear white paperClick and upload a selfie with the paper, ensuring that your face and the OTP are clearly visibleUpload/Click an image of the following KYC relevant documentsIncome Proof (last 6 months of bank statement or latest ITR statement or latest salary statement or DP Holding statement)Images of both sides of your Aadhaar cardPhotographSignature on a White PaperYou can choose to opt for eSign here.On selecting NO, you will have to courier all the documents to us as well as the signed copy of your POA and the prefilled forms that will be mailed on your registered email address On selecting YES, you will be directed to the eSign page, where you have to enter your Aadhaar number and request for OTP. Enter the OTP and click on the Submit ButtonOnce you complete registering with Choice, you’ll be asked to share your feedback regarding your onboarding experience. Once this is done, you will receive a Thank You message informing you of the documents that will be required from you. On selecting ‘Continue’, you will be redirected to the Choice Login Page.

Question: Activate your Account
Answer: Once you have successfully completed your onboarding, you will receive a Unique Client ID (trading code). However, based on whether you are KYC verified or not, the time it will take for you to start trading will vary.KYC VerifiedAccount StatusYesYou will be required to verify, download, print, sign and courier the copies of all the pre-filled forms sent on your registered email address.Your account will be active in T+7 working hours on the receipt of your documents documents. (T=The time we receive the above-mentioned documents).NoYou will be required to verify, download, print, sign and courier the copies of all the pre-filled forms sent on your registered email address.Your account will be active in T+7 working days on the receipt of your documents documents.(T=The time we receive the above-mentioned documents).All your emails will be delivered to your registered email address.1. Pending Documents EmailYou will receive the Pending Documents Email, which will inform you of the documents that are required to be couriered to us and how much time will it take you to start trading (based on the above mentioned criteria).2. Login Credential EmailYou will receive a Login Credential Email containing your Client ID and a system-generated password if all your documents are in order. You will be required to use the Client ID and system-generated password mentioned in this mail to login to Choice for the first time.3. Welcome EmailYou will receive a Welcome Email that will contain all the important information such as Client ID as well as relevant documents pertaining to your trading account. Further, your back office login and password will also be provided in the same.Please note: if you do not receive above-mentioned emails, you can drop us a mail at care@choiceindia.com or give us a call at (+91) 88-2424-2424

Question: Sign In
Answer: For user convenience Sign In we have increased your investment security by adding FINGERPRINT (Android App) or FACE ID LOGIN (IOS App) for Choice.It is easier than memorizing a password and more secure since the physical features of an individual are unique and cannot be misused in any way.Login - First TimeOn the Login Page, enter your Client ID, copy paste the system-generated password and click on the Next ButtonOn the Change Password Page, copy paste the system-generated password in Received Password fieldCreate a New Password that is Alphanumeric (between 6-12 characters) and contains one of the following special characters !@#$%^&*Confirm your New Password and click on the Change Password ButtonOn the Set A New PIN Page, you will have to create a new PIN, which should be between 4 – 6 digits (numbers)You can then proceed to your account by clicking on the Next ButtonLogin - Existing UserOnce you have logged in successfully for the first time and changed the Password and PIN according to your preference, you can simply login the next time by entering your Client ID, Password and PIN.1. Activate Fingerprint/Face IDAfter entering your Client ID and Password, the user will be required to enter the PIN.Following this, the user will be asked to Enable FIngerprint/Face ID authentication, to which the user can select Yes or No. This option is shown only if the user is using Fingerprint Unlocking (Android Device) /Face ID (IOS device) for the device. Default device fingerprint will be only considered here for signing in Choice App.When you sign in the next time, instead of entering your PIN, the user can Log In using fingerprint/face ID.2. Forgot PasswordOn the Login Page, click on the ‘Forgot Password’You will be asked for your Client ID or PAN, enter either your Client ID or PAN and click on the Submit ButtonYou will receive a system-generated password on your registered Email Id or Mobile NumberOn the Change Password Page, use this system-generated password in the Received Password fieldCreate a New Password that is Alphanumeric (between 6-12 characters) and contains one of the following special characters !@#$%^&*Confirm your New Password and click on the Change Password Button3. Forgot PinOn the Login Page, enter your Client ID and Password and click on the Next ButtonClick on the Forgot PIN LinkYou will receive a system-generated PIN on your registered email id or mobile numberOn the Change PIN Page, use this system-generated PIN in the Received PIN FieldCreate a new PIN (4-6 digits) and Click on the Change PIN Button4. Change PasswordGo to Menu and click on My ProfileClick on the Settings Icon on the top right and select the Change Password OptionEnter Current Password, create a New Password and confirm New PasswordClick on Change Password Button5. Change PinGo to Menu and click on My ProfileClick on the Settings Icon on the top right and select the Change PIN OptionEnter your current PIN and create a new PIN (4-6 digits)Click on the Change PIN Button6. Account Locked Due to Incorrect PasswordYour account will be locked if the wrong password is entered 3 times successively. To unlock your account follow the below steps,Tap Forgot Password on the login pageEnter your Client ID or PANYou will receive a system-generated password on your registered email addressYou can then set a new password using the password sent to you

Question: Scrip Search
Answer: You can SEARCH scrip/company with smart intuitive actions on ChoiceUsing SearchSimply type in the first three letters of the scrip name, Eg- If typed ICICI it will show all the companies/ ETF’S (Exchange - Traded Funds)affiliated with ICICI on NSE / BSE like ICICI BANK - ICICIPRULI – ICICINIFTY – ICICIGOLD and so onChoose your segment - narrow down your search by choosing your segment, i.e., Equity, Derivatives, Commodities or CurrencySelect the specific scrip from the results drop down to navigate to the Scrip OverviewYou can choose to directly add the scrip to the WatchList by clicking the WatchList Icon  or set a price alert by clicking on the Price Alert Icon You can search scrip Exchange wise (NSE/ BSE) token(Scrip Number) keyword (Infrastructure, IT or Finance) and name wise (ICICI, TCS, HDFC)Scrip Page - Cash and F&0View in-depth info about a scrip here. You can view real-time values of a scrip across different exchange segments on one page. Easily search by typing the first 3 letters of the scrip name and select scrip; this will take you to the Scrip Overview Page.To explain how the Scrip Page works; we will use the ICICI BANK scrip. Search ICICI – Scroll and Tap the 0ICICIBANK-EQ (NSE) You can see NSE & BSE price boxes with the NSE box highlighted since we used the NSE one. You can toggle between boxes.OverviewDivided into 2 sections it shows the essential details that a Trader would need like OPEN – HIGH – LOW - CLOSE etcUse (i) located on the right corner of the OVERVIEW section which contains PRICE TICK – MARKET LOT – CIRCUIT RANGE – MAX ORDER LOTS – FACE VALUE – GSM CATEGORY – VAR MARGIN (%) - SCRIP CODEMARKET DEPTH shows the BID - ASK numbers of interested participants up to 5 Rows with total QuantityTechnicalSee the Stock’s Technical data and use the CHART tool for studiesBelow the CHART tool is the Basic stock movement Data like OPEN – HIGH – LOW – CLOSE etcPIVOT POINTSShows the RESISTANCE and SUPPORT upto 3 levels on either side of the crucial PIVOT POINTS.Chart shows the numbers for both STANDARD and FIBONACCI assessment for DAILY as default. You can switch the timeframes.FuturesFutures prices of the scrips is displayed with near term, mid term and far term prices i.e 1st month, 2nd month and 3rd month price of the future scripsRecent News - News related to the company are displayed in this section from various sources.. Post clicking on any news, the user is redirected to the respective news source website. Scrip Page - Derivatives (F&0)This section explains how to use the Derivatives or F&O feature.SEARCH  - Type ICICI – Tap DERIVATIVES and all the open contracts (Calls/ Puts) with their strike prices can be seen. Let’s pick an ATM (At The Money) contract CE (as of 19th November, 2019 ICICI Bank was Trading at Rs.493.50) of 495 with an expiry of 28th November 2019.SELECT CONTRACT - Tap the Contract and you will be directed to its company page.Users can view the Option Chain option from the company/scrip page. Post opening of the company page, the user can select the required Strike price and Call/Put option from Option Chain. Here, the user can also use the filter to change the Future date and select the Option chain based on LTP or Open Interest.BUY / SELL - Initiate Buy or Sell which will bring up the ORDER BOX. If the current CMP is alright just punch Submit and the order will be executed or you can use LMT (Limit Order) as described in the SCRIP INFO – BUY or SELL Action (Link) It is similar.

Question: Advanced Charting
Answer: Advanced real-time charts allows for in-depth scrip analysis with several chart types and tick data You can even view Intraday Historical Data.Tap  icon located on the Right Corner of the CHART. The chart will open in PORTRAIT mode. Below Features are placed on the bottom of the charts :TIME - The chart shows the 15 Min interval by default. The CHART is divided into DURATION (Show top left box) INTERVAL - TYPE - SAVEINTERVAL – Select your preferred interval starting from 1 min up to 1 monthTYPES – Select from CANDLE – COLORED LINE – VAR etc to view it the way you’d likeSTUDY enables you to add various studies like SMA (Simple Moving Averages) VWAP (Volume Weighted Average Price) and many more for effective trading decisions.The most significant feature of this TOOL is you can directly initiate a BUY/SELL call from here using the . It will take you to the Ordering section.Native phone features like PINCH TO ZOOM-IN / ZOOM-OUT or SWIPE LEFT or RIGHT is applicable on the top is the dynamic RIGHT ANGLED CROSS-SECTIONAL LINE for your pricing inferences. Simply move it over the CHART and the price will be shown on the RIGHT.DRAWING TOOLS - The user can use drawing tools from Chart like Measure, Fib Retracements, Line, Channel, etc. These drawing tools are very easy to use and easily accessible from charts.MARKER - The user can use marker from viewing the Open, High, Low, Close, Volume of particular candle of the scrip at particular time.HORIZONTAL CHART - The user can also horizontally view the chart for better view.FULL SCREEN - The user can also use the full screen option from bottom options fo the charts.

Question: Sign In
Answer: For user convenience Sign In, We have increased your investment security by adding OTP Sign In for Choice.It is easier than memorizing a PIN and more secure since the OTP will be shared on your Registered Mobile No. and Registered Email and cannot be misused in any way.Login - First TimeOn the Login Page, enter your Client ID, copy paste the system-generated password and click on the Next ButtonOn the Change Password Page, copy paste the system-generated password in Received Password fieldCreate a New Password that is Alphanumeric (between 6-12 characters) and contains one of the following special characters !@#$%^&*Confirm your New Password and click on the Change Password ButtonOn the Set A New PIN Page, you will have to create a new PIN, which should be between 4 – 6 digits (numbers)You can then proceed to your account by clicking on the Next ButtonLogin - Existing UserOnce you have logged in successfully for the first time and changed the Password and PIN according to your preference, you can simply login the next time by entering your Client ID, Password and OTP Code (Sent on your Registered Mobile No. and E-mail).Forgot PasswordOn the Login Page, click on the ‘Forgot Password’You will be asked for your Client ID or PAN, enter either your Client ID or PAN and click on the Submit ButtonYou will receive a system-generated password on your registered Email Id or Mobile NumberOn the Change Password Page, use this system-generated password in the Received Password fieldCreate a New Password that is Alphanumeric (between 6-12 characters) and contains one of the following special characters !@#$%^&*Confirm your New Password and click on the Change Password ButtonChange PasswordGo to Menu and click on My Profileelect the Change Password OptionEnter Current Password, create a New Password and confirm New PasswordClick on Change Password ButtonAccount Locked Due to Incorrect PasswordYour account will be locked if the wrong password is entered 3 times successively. To unlock your account follow the below steps,Tap Forgot Password on the login pageEnter your Client ID or PANYou will receive a system-generated password on your registered email addressYou can then set a new password using the password sent to you

Question: Scrip Search
Answer: You can Search Scrip/Company with smart intuitive action on ChoiceSimply enter the first three letters of the scrip name, for example, WIPRO.Choose your segment, scroll-down your search and choose your segment, i.e., equity, derivatives, commodities, or currency.Select the specific scrip from the results drop down to navigate to the Scrip Overview.You can choose to directly add the scrip to the Watchlist by clicking the Add to Watchlist Icon.

Question: Advanced Charting
Answer: Advanced real-time charts allow for in-depth scrip analysis, you can choose chart preferences between Chart IQ and Trading ViewTime - The chart shows your last set time interval by default. Interval - Select your preferred interval starting from 1 min up to 1 Month.Types - Select from CANDLE different type of Candle to view the way you'd like.Study - Enables you to add various studies like EOM (Ease of Movement) VWAP (Volume Weighted Average Price) and many more for effective trading decisions.Buy/Sell - You can directly initiate a buy or sell call from here.Draw - The user can use drawing tools from Chart like Measure, Fib Retracements, Line, Channel, etc. These drawing tools are very easy to use and easily accessible from charts.Theme - You can choose theme between Day and Night.Price Alert - You can set price alert directly from here.

Question: Buy or Sell - Action
Answer: The BUY/SELL button will be at the bottom of the majority of the Scrip Info panels. Simply pressing BUY or SELL will bring up the Order Box.Order box include the following things:MKT - Market Orders are orders where you want to Buy/Sell your shares at the current market price immediately.LMT - Limited Orders are orders when you want to Buy/Sell your shares at a specific price.SL - SL order where you have to specify Price as well as Trigger Price.        SL order = Price + Trigger PriceSL-M - SL-M order where you have to specify Trigger Price only.        SL-M order = Only Trigger PriceIntraday - On selecting Intraday your stocks will be auto squared off by Choice if you do not Sell it in 15 Minute before market closes.Delivery - On selecting Delivery you are in complete possession of your stocks. Choice can not Sell it automatically.Trigger Price - Trigger Price is the price mentioned by trader to the stock exchange such as BSE, NSE before making a Buy/Sell order for execution.

Question: Watchlist
Answer: Watchlists are available for you to save your selected stocks. The lists assist you in making quicker trading and investing selections.Choice offers you 5 lists, each of which can store 50 strips.Add to WatchlistIn an empty Watchlist, use the "Search & Add to Watchlist" button, which will directly add your scrip to the WatchlistFilter AttributesSort - Alphabetically - Sort watchlist scrip in ascending or descending order from A to Z.Sort - Change % - Sort as per the change in stock % basis in ascending or descending order.ArrangeClick and hold the button to drag the scrip where you want it to be on the list. The trash icon will remove the scrip.Enter the desired name in the text box to rename the watchlist and save

Question: How do I open an account online?
Answer: You can open a Choice account online using the Android or iOS app or via the website. The account opening process is very simple. With some basic information and uploading of certain documents like PAN, Address Proof, Bank Details, Photo and Contact Details the signup process takes less than 5 minutes.

Question: What is the Power of Attorney (PoA) and why is it needed?
Answer: The Power of Attorney is a document that gives us the authorization to debit your shares from your Demat Account whenever you sell your shares. A copy of the PoA gets emailed to you on your registered email ID, which needs to be physically signed and couriered to us. This ensures smooth functioning while you trade on Choice.If you have not submitted the PoA document, you will not be able to see the shares that you have purchased nor will you be able to sell shares.You can send us the signed PoA to our head-office address mentioned on our website -  https://choicebroking.in/

Question: What is In-Person Verification (IPV) and why is it needed?
Answer: In-Person Verification is a mandatory requirement for all the brokers. It is simply a process to verify the client and the documentation in person, as per SEBI regulations. This In-Person Verification can also be done online using an OTP. You will have to click a photo using that OTP and upload it on the application. Once you do that, the In-Person Verification is done.

Question: How do I open a Trading Account without opening a Demat account?
Answer: NSE/BSE mandates a Demat with your Trading Account for securities. Currency and Commodities do not require a Demat Account so if your trading requirements are restricted to that; a Trading Account can be opted for. This will have to be specified in the documentation process with the broker.For more information regarding the same, contact our customer care team at customercare@choiceindia.com

Question: Can I open a Commodity Account without opening an Equity Account?
Answer: Yes, you can open a Commodity Account without opening an Equity Account as both segments are different.

Question: What do you mean by DP Charges?
Answer: DP charges are applicable when you sell shares from your Demat Account.DP charges are equivalent to exchange charging a transaction fee or brokers charging brokerage.  DP charges are charged by the depository (CDSL / NSDL) and the depository participant. You can get details of DP charges here: https://choicebroking.in/brokerage-charges

Question: What are call and trade charges?
Answer: We do not charge any additional fee for Call & Trade facilities or auto square off.

Question: What are the account opening charges?
Answer: There are no account opening charges for opening account with Choice.

Question: Are there any hidden charges while trading at Choice?
Answer: Choice has a very transparent structure of charges.A detailed list of all the charges can be accessed here: https://choicebroking.in/brokerage-charges.Beyond this, if you need any assistance in understanding the cost structure, feel free to drop an email on:  customercare@choiceindia.com

Question: Is there any minimum balance that I have to maintain to keep my account active?
Answer: No. There is no such requirement of maintaining a minimum balance to keep your Choice Account active.

Question: What is a Collateral Facility?
Answer: Collateral facility means you can give your free/fully paid up shares lying in your Demat Account as collateral and avail margin benefits against them.

Question: What are the benefits of Collateral Facility?
Answer: Benefits of Collateral facility is that you don't have to deposit extra cash/credit with Choice, instead you can use your shares as collateral to avail margin benefits.

Question: Which are the segments in which the benefit of Collateral Facility can be used?
Answer: All Cash/Derivatives and MTF segments provide the benefits of Collateral facility.

Question: In what all segments the benefit of Collateral Facility cannot be used?
Answer: Collateral facility can be used to avail margin benefits across all segments.

Question: How much limit do I get against shares deposited?
Answer: You get a limit as per the Market Value of the shares deposited with the applicable haircut on the MV.

Question: What is the DP ID?
Answer: DP ID i.e. The Depository ID is the identification number for the depository participant member. For example, Choice i.e, Choice Broking is a depository participant member with CDSL. You will be able to see this DP ID on Choice. Or you can simply request our support team to facilitate it for you.

Question: Can I link multiple bank accounts to my Trading Account?
Answer: Yes, you can link multiple bank accounts to your Trading Account. However, an important thing to note is that from all the linked bank accounts you can only add money to a Trading Account. But the withdrawal from the Trading Account will only get credited to the primary bank account.

Question: Can I map multiple Demat Accounts to my Trading Account?
Answer: Yes, you can link multiple demat accounts to your trading account, even with different DP’s but they should all be in your name. However, an important thing to note is that from all the linked Demat Accounts you can give shares for Pay In/Pledge, etc. But the payout from the Trading Account will only get credited to the primary Demat Account.

Question: How do I transfer shares from another Demat Account to my Choice Demat?
Answer: You can use an off-market transfer process to transfer shares from other Demat Accounts to Choice Demat. You will have to fill up the DIS (Delivery Instruction Slip) provided by the other broker and submit it to them. After the submission of DIS, the shares from other brokers will be transferred to C in less than 5 working days.

Question: How do I convert physical share certificates into Demat form?
Answer: To convert the physical share certificates into Demat, you will have to send original physical share certificates along with the Dematerialisation Request Form and a self-attested copy of PAN card on our address. The Registrar and transfer agents will verify the documents and dematerialise the shares in 25-30 working days, subject to no mismatch of data and credentials at the end of the registrar and transfer agent.

Question: What is Bracket Order? How to place Bracket Order?
Answer: 1. Bracket Order is a 3- leg order that includes an initial Buy/Sell Limit Order followed by a Target order and a stop-loss order in a single order.2. Not all brokers offer Bracket Order.3. Choice is among the few brokers providing Bracket Order, this is also offered in Derivatives (F&O) segment.4. Bracket order is available for Equity (NSE, BSE) & Derivatives (NSEFO, BSEFO) and Bracket Order is available for Intraday only. Below are the screenshots of How to place Bracket Order from Website? How to place Bracket Order:1. Select the Intraday tab and select Bracket order.2. Enter the Price and quantity at which you want to place the bracket order. 3. Enter the Stop Loss price and Target price4. If required you can enter the Trailing Stop Loss, meaning if the LTP moves by Rs 5 towards target price, then the Stop Loss will change by Rs 5. 5. Post placing the bracket order, only bracket order (Main Leg) will be seen in the pending tab. Once the bracket order (Main Leg) is executed, then only Stop Loss order and Target                 order will be seen in the pending tab. Below screenshot of Pending tab with Stop Loss and Target with pending statusBelow screenshot of Position tab when bracket order (Main leg) is executedBenefits of Bracket Order:Risk Management: Bracket orders help you limit potential losses by setting predefined stop-loss levels. This feature ensures that even if a trade goes against you, your losses are controlled.Time-Saving: If you can't monitor the market constantly, bracket orders are ideal. They automate the process by setting up the initial order, target order, and stop-loss order, saving you time and effort.Encourage Discipline: By sticking to preset stop-loss levels and profit targets, bracket orders promote discipline in your trading approach. This prevents impulsive decisions that could result in losses.Profit Optimization: With bracket orders, trades are automatically executed when your desired profit level is reached. This helps you secure profits and prevents emotional decision-making that could lead to missed opportunities or losses.

Question: What is GTT Order? How to place GTT Order in FinX App?
Answer: 1. The Good Till Triggered (GTT) - These orders are executed (triggered) once the market price of the stock reaches your desired price i.e the price you mentioned in the GTT Order. 2. The validity of the GTT order is one year.3. GTT order is Delivery order and GTT order can be placed for Equity (Cash) and Derivatives (Future & Options) segment. How to place the GTT Order -1. Select the scrip for which you want to place the GTT order, and also select the Buy/Sell         action.2. In the Delivery tab, tap on the Advanced Option and Select GTT under Validity option.3. Enter the price at which you want to place the order and enter the quantity. 4. The validity of the GTT order will be one year, and the date till order will be valid, will be displayed below in note. 5. When the GTT order is placed, it will be visible in the GTT Orderbook with status as Triggered Pending and once the price is triggered, the status will change to Triggered. Below is the screenshot of the GTT Orderbook -Benefits of GTT Order - Investors do not need to track market movements continuously once they place a GTT order.Investors can easily modify their order before it is triggered.

Question: What is GTT Order? How to place GTT Order in FinX Website?
Answer: 1. The Good Till Triggered (GTT) - These orders are executed (triggered) once the market price of the stock reaches your desired price i.e the price you mentioned in the GTT Order. 2. The validity of the GTT order is one year.3. GTT order is Delivery order and GTT order can be placed for Equity (Cash) and Derivatives (Future & Options) segment. How to place the GTT Order -1. Select the scrip for which you want to place the GTT order, and also select the Buy/Sell         action.2. In the Delivery tab, select the GTT option.3. Enter the price at which you want to place the order and enter the quantity. 4. The validity of the GTT order will be one year, and the date till order will be valid, will be displayed below in note. 5. When the GTT order is placed, it will be visible in the GTT Orderbook with status as Triggered Pending and once the price is triggered, the status will change to Triggered. Below is the screenshot of the GTT Orderbook -Benefits of GTT Order - Investors do not need to track market movements continuously once they place a GTT order.Investors can easily modify their order before it is triggered.

Question: What does Buyback mean?
Answer: Buyback is a corporate action in which a company buys back its shares from the existing shareholders usually at a price higher than the market price.

Question: What are the auto square-off timings for open Intraday Positions?
Answer: All the open Intraday Positions are auto squared-off by the system at the below-mentioned time for each segment:Equity/Cash: 3:15 p.m.Equity Derivatives: 3:15 p.m.Currency Derivatives: 4:45 p.m.Commodities: 11:15 p.m. or 11:45 p.m. (depending on Sun Outage).

Question: Why have I still not received my withdraw (payout) amount?
Answer: Once the withdraw (payout) is processed, it usually gets credited to your registered bank account within 24 hours.

Question: What are the different mode of depositing and withdrawing money?
Answer: You can add money to your trading account by using the various modes of online transfer via your bank like NetBanking, RTGS, NEFT, IMPS, UPI on our Choice App or Website. Also, you can do it offline mode by issuing a cheque.  Below are the details of the Bank Account required for RTGS, NEFT 1. Bank Name - Yes Bank    Acc. Type - Current    IFSC Code - YESB0CMSNOC    MICR Code - 400532047    Acc. Number - CHOIEQ<CLIENTCODE>    Branch Name - INDIABULLS FINANCE CENTRE2. Bank Name - HDFC BANK    Acc. Type - Current    IFSC Code - HDFC0000060    MICR Code - 400240015    Acc. Number - CHOIEQ<CLIENTCODE>    Branch Name - Fort Branch, Mumbai All this has to be done from your registered bank account only.You can withdraw money from your account by registering a payout request from the Choice App or Website, alternatively you can also request us via email from your registered email address.

Question: Can I add money through Paytm, PhonePe Wallet or any other Digital Wallet?
Answer: No, you cannot use Paytm, PhonePe or any other Digital Wallet to add money owing to compliance restrictions. You will have to use the NEFT/Net Banking/UPI to add money to your Trading Account.You can use the UPI ID linked with PhonePe, PayTm, GooglePay to Deposit (PayIn) funds to trading account, but the bank account should be registered with us.

Question: Can I use the same funds for trading on Equity as well as Commodity?
Answer: Yes you can use the same funds for trading on Equity as well as Commodity by getting them internally transferred by contacting your RM. However, you will have to ensure that there are no positions taken against those funds in either segment.

Question: Can I transfer funds (Deposit/PayIn) from bank accounts that are not linked to my Choice Account?
Answer: No, you will have to transfer (Deposit/PayIn) the funds from the bank account that is linked with your Choice Trading Account.If you wish to transfer (Deposit/PayIn) from your other bank account, you should add that bank as a secondary account and transfer (Deposit/PayIn) the money from that account, but you should be the sole or joint account holder in that account.

Question: What are the charges to apply for an IPO?
Answer: There are no charges to apply for an IPO through Choice App or Website.

Question: How do I apply for an IPO?
Answer: You can apply for the available or Open IPOs from Choice FinX App or Website from IPO option from Dashboard.You can view the latest IPOs. On tapping the IPO card you get an option to view ‘Details’, ‘Apply to the IPO’ .When you tap on ‘Apply’, it will open the Bids Screen. Here’s how you can apply for the IPO using UPI in Choice.Lot (Lot Size) - Enter the lots you would like to bid for.Cut off Price  - Select 'Yes' to bid at the default cut-off price. Select 'No' if you want to enter your own price (within the price band).Amount to be Blocked - Shown as per the lots requested.For a bid amount greater than Rs. 5 Lakhs or to apply for IPO offline you can use Application Supported by Blocked Amount (ASBA) method. To read more about ASBA click hereEnter your UPI ID and select the VPA code from the drop down next to @UPI and click verify.Once you have submitted your IPO application you'll receive a mandate request on your UPI app (you may take a few hours to receive this message). Once you receive it, just accept the mandate.You will also receive an email and notification from your respective application where you will be required to approve and procced. You can view the IPO Orders with the status and other IPO order details.

Question: Can I apply for an IPO if I don't use UPI?
Answer: You can apply for IPO by using the Net banking facility of the bank with ASBA process. Those who customer's who don't have the UPI activated, can apply to IPO by net banking facility of the bank through ASBA.Applications Supported by Blocked Amount (ASBA) is a process developed by the India's Stock Market Regulator SEBI for applying to IPO. In ASBA, an IPO applicant's account doesn't get debited until shares are allotted to them.

Question: What are the charges to apply for IPO?
Answer: There are no charges to apply for an IPO through Choice application or website.

Question: How much time does it take to receive the mandate request on the UPI App?
Answer: Within 24 hours, you will get a UPI mandate request on your UPI app. If you have chosen your UPI ID linked with the Google Pay app, you'll need to head to the Google Pay app to complete the mandate block.

Question: Can I open more than one trading account with Choice?
Answer: No. You cannot open more than one trading account with Choice under one PAN. You can open different accounts in the name of your family members.

Question: How do I sell shares without a POA(Power of Attorney)?
Answer: If you have not submitted POA with Choice, then also you can sell your shares by doing EDIS or Sell Authorize from Choice Web/App from Holding section. You will need to Generate the TPIN  or Enter the TPIN, post that you will need to enter the OTP and select the shares which you want to shares and proceed with this. But this activity of Sell Authorize or EDIS is valid for one day only. If you want to sell your shares everyday, you will need to perform this everyday or else you submit POA form with Choice by contacting us through support. https://finx.choiceindia.com/support

Question: What is my Login ID?
Answer: Your login ID for Choice is shared with you in the “Welcome Email” when you open your account.In case you do not remember your login ID, you can send an email on care@choiceindia.com and mention your PAN number. Our support team will give you your login ID.You can also connect with your Support team. https://finx.choiceindia.com/support

Question: Where will I receive my login details?
Answer: Once your Choice account is activated, you will receive your login credentials on your registered email ID. You will be able to access your account with these credentials.

Question: How to login and reset my new password.
Answer: To reset your Choice account password, you can simply put in your login i and click on forgot password. You will receive a link to reset your password on your registered email address. Please ensure that you set a strong alphanumeric password (6-12 length) with one special character. Once you reset the password, you can login to your Choice account using the new password.

Question: Why are the bonus shares not visible in my holdings even though the company has issued it?
Answer: The bonus shares will be visible in your holdings once the record date is over and the shares are issued and credited to your Demat Account.

Question: Where can I get the contract notes for the trades I have taken?
Answer: We email you the contract notes to your registered email address daily, alternatively you can also download the same by logging into our client portal.

Question: Where can I see all the trades that have taken for a particular period?
Answer: You can see all the trades that you have taken in the back office in Choice.

Question: Where can I track dividends of my stock holdings?
Answer: All your stocks are in your Demat Account. Hence the dividend will get credited directly to your bank account, in case any stock is put as collateral or in transit then Choice will receive such dividend and the same will be credited to your ledger account which you can verify from the ledger.

Question: What is a contract note?
Answer: A contract note is a statement which notifies you of your trades executed during the day with the date & time of the trade, statutory charges and your Debit/Credit Balance.

Question: How do I refer Choice to my friends and family?
Answer: If you are an existing investor/trader with Choice, you can refer Choice to your friends and family using the referral link. They will have to create an account on Choice from your referral link . On successful account activation, you will be eligible to Refer and Earn benefits.

Question: Is this a broker’s rule or is there any rule from SEBI related to Aging Debit?
Answer: This rule is in accordance with the rules laid down by SEBI for clearance of ageing debit vide circular dated 26-09-2016.

Question: What is Ageing debit?
Answer: An Ageing Debit is debit when you buy delivery of shares or MTM(Mark to Mark) Loss which is unpaid over the exchange specified days of making the payment.

Question: From where will I get to know how many days are in my account in Aging debit?
Answer: You can check your ledger available in the trading App to ascertain the Ageing Debit, usually, brokers allow to keep debit up to T+7 days in case of Cash Segment but for Ageing Debit in Derivatives you have to pay within T+1 to avoid margin shortfall penalty.

Question: What if I don't clear my debit within 7 days?
Answer: Firstly the ageing debit attracts delayed payment charges after T+2 days and as per compliance guidelines the Ageing Debits has to be cleared off within T+2+5 days. If not, the broker reserves the right to sell off your holdings and clear the ageing debit.

Question: Why were the shares I pledged squared off?
Answer: In case you fail to make the payment of the MTM Losses/Margin Shortfall incurred in a stipulated period then Choice reserves the right to square off your pledged shares too.

Question: Which Commodity Exchanges can I trade in?
Answer: Using Choice you can trade in the following commodity exchanges MCX & NCDEX.

Question: What are the market timings for Commodity Derivative Trading?
Answer: Commodity Derivatives Trading timings are from morning 10:00 am to evening 11:30 pm.

Question: Who regulates the Commodity Exchanges in India?
Answer: Commodity markets are regulated by SEBI in India.

Question: What are Currency Derivatives?
Answer: Currency Derivatives are futures and options contracts where you can buy or sell specific quantities of a particular currency pair at a predetermined future date.It is similar to Stock Futures and Options trading. The only difference is that the underlying assets are currency pairs (such as USDINR or EURINR) instead of Stocks. Currency Options and Currency Futures Trading is done in the Foreign Exchange Markets. Forex Rates is the value of a foreign currency relative to domestic currency. The major participants of Currency Trading in India are banks, corporations, exporters and importers.

Question: What Is Hedging?
Answer: Hedging refers to taking a position in the future market which is opposite to a position in the physical market. Hedging is done with a view to reduce or limit the risk associated with unpredictable changes in the exchange rate.

Question: What is Baskets?
Answer: Baskets allow you to invest in a particular theme or sector in a few clicks. Each Basket consists of multiple stocks which are selected and managed by experts.Every Basket has a particular theme which consists of multiple stocks managed by experts. These are quarterly rebalanced so that your investment remains up to date. There are 7 Baskets available with different themes as follows: 1. Large Cap Stars Basket:    This basket provides exposure to the Top 100 stocks based on market capitalization 2.  Alpha Auto Ancillaries Basket:    This basket allows you to invest in auto parts manufacturing stocks 3. Indian Industrials Basket:    This basket allows the investor to be a part of the growing industrial output in India 4. Domestic White Goods Basket:    This basket allows the investor to invest in consumer durables 5. Supermarket Basket:    This basket consists of FMCG stocks 6. Mighty I.T Basket:    This basket allows the investor to be a part of the Indian IT sector's growth story 7. Pharma First Basket:    This basket consists of Pharma stocks

Question: How to invest in Basket?
Answer: Basket allows you to invest in stocks across multiple sectors that have been curated by our experts for a long-term view with no lock-in period.

Question: What are the charges/fees for investing or placing order in Basket?
Answer: There are no extra charges/fees for investing in Basket. We at Choice Broking, charge the normal brokerage rate if placed order via Basket. You can check the brokerage on the below linkhttps://choiceindia.com/brokerage-charges

Question: What will happen if the same stock is present in Basket and Holding, then what will be the Avg Price and Invested Value of the Basket?
Answer: If the same stock is present in Basket and Holding, then Avg Price shown in the Portfolio > Basket will be the same as the average price shown in Portfolio > Stock

Question: Where to track your Basket performance?
Answer: Track your investment in Basket through Portfolio > Baskets. Here you can check your Basket performance - Invested Value, Current Value, Profit, and Loss.

Question: What is Option Strategy?
Answer: An Option Strategy is a specific plan of action to make the decision of Buying or Selling an Option Contract, by combining various Options positions in a specific way, Option Strategy on the Choice FinX is a collection of multiple scrip calls in a single strategy for Option Combination. This Option Strategy is created by the Choice Research team with their algorithmic trading ideas. An Option Strategy aims to achieve a particular result, such as income or protection against potential losses. Depending on the goals and risk tolerance, there are numerous different Option Strategy. Some examples of Option Strategies include:Bull call spread: This strategy involves buying a call option with a lower strike price and selling a call option with a higher strike price in order to profit from a moderate increase in the underlying asset's price.Bear put spread: This strategy involves buying a put option with a lower strike price and selling a put option with a higher strike price in order to profit from a moderate decrease in the underlying asset's price.These are only a few examples of Option Strategy.

Question: What is Break Even?
Answer: A Break Even price is the price at which a trader or investor experiences neither a profit nor a loss. Technically, it has made up for all the costs at the Break Even price, including the cost of the investment.

Question: Why should I trade in Option Strategy?
Answer: When calls are placed using a strategy, less premium is required and less risk is involved, making it safe and preferable to trade using the Option Strategy instead of a regular call.

Question: What is Bull call spread/Bear put spread in Option Strategy?
Answer: There are numerous different Option Strategies. Some examples of Option Strategies include:Bull call spread: This strategy involves buying a call option with a lower strike price and selling a call option with a higher strike price, in order to profit from a moderate increase in the underlying asset's price.Bear put spread: This strategy involves buying a put option with a lower strike price and selling a put option with a higher strike price, in order to profit from a moderate decrease in the underlying asset's price. These are just few example of Option Strategy that exist.

Question: What is Current Payoff in Option Strategy?
Answer: In an Option Strategy, the term "Current Payoff" refers to the Profit or Loss that the strategy generates at the current time. It is determined by the market conditions in effect at the time, including the price of the underlying asset and the price of the option contract, and is impacted by any changes to these variables. Depending on the Option Strategy and the market conditions at the time, the Current Payoff could be Positive, Negative, or Zero.

