Question: What is 'Algorithm Trading Strategy'?
Answer: A Trading Strategy is a combination of various conditions that define when to buy or sell a particular Symbol (Script or Instrument or securities or Future Contracts).There are mainly 5 steps to Create and Execute an Algorithm Trading Strategy:   Step 1: Build Algo Trading Strategy: Building Algorithm Strategy in Choice is quite simple process. Algorithmic Trading strategies are based on technical analysis where user needs to define Entry and Exit conditions using time interval (1 min, 5 min, 1 day etc), type of chart, avail 60+ technical indicators and patterns, stop loss % & target profit % and the stocks for which you want to create strategy. Step 2: Backtest Of Strategy: Backtest used to validate the strategy that how well it performs on historical data. The backtest engine let you backtest your strategies within a few seconds and cover multiple instruments. Step 3: Optimization of Strategy: The optimization engine is used to improve the accuracy of your strategies to fine tune your parameters such as Stop loss % and Take Profit %.  Step 4: Virtual Trade of Strategy:  Virtual trading allows users to place hypothetical trades based on real-time stock market prices. This is most helpful if you want to test your strategy in live market without any erosion of their capital. After analyzing the performance of the strategy by virtue of Virtual trade one can then deploy the said strategy in the live market if one finds the results of Virtual Trade satisfactory.  Step 5: Deployment of Strategy in Live Market: The live trade engine executes and monitor your trading strategies automatically over multiple instruments and multiple strategies in the live stock market.   Algorithm is a computer program that matches various conditions and accordingly sends buy and sell orders to exchanges.Users usually combine technical indicators (EMA, SMA, RSI, etc.) used along with comparison (Greater than, Lesser than, Equal to, etc.) and logical (AND, OR) operators  Below is an example of a simple Algo that a user can createBuy when the EMA(9) Crossover EMA (14) Sell when the EMA (14) Cross Under EMA(9) You can build the above strategy on Choice Canvas and will look like

Question: How to Build an Algorithm Trading Strategy?
Answer: Algorithm Trading Strategy has three main components. To know more about the algorithm trading strategy, please refer What is 'Algorithm Trading Strategy'?Entry & Exit Section is where you formulate your algorithm trading strategy. Let’s first start by selectingStrategy name: You need to set a unique name to the strategy and Strategy name once saved, cannot be changed. To change the name of an existing strategy, you need to copy the strategy and save with a different name while deleting the source strategy.  Position: It allows users to define the entry type i.e. users has to choose whether he wants to buy or sell or both. Which shall enable the algo to understand, that it has to execute Buy condition or Sell condition first. In case of input provided by user is ‘Both’, then whichever condition matches first buy or sell, will be executed.  Interval: The size of the candle depends on the time frame you have opted for. You can select any price bar or candle interval generated starting from 1 minute time interval. The maximum data available for different candle interval is mentioned herein:Candle interval Data availability1 Minute3 months5 Minutes to 30 Minutes3 months1 Hour6 months3 Hour6 months1 Day2 years Chart type: You can change the chart type here. The chart types available are Heikin-Ashi or Candlestick. Then move on to defining the BUY and SELL condition of your strategy:Buy conditionBUY condition that is built with indicators, patterns, and comparators to define the point at which a position can be bought.  It can comprise of one or more conditions, to generate a BUY point. Users can select from 60+ indicators and patterns. To know more in detail about BUY and SELL, for more details, please refer How does the Indicators selection work?Example: SMA (7) crosses above SMA (14) Sell conditionSELL condition that is built with indicators, patterns, and comparators to define the point at which a position can be sold. It can comprise of one or more conditions, to generate an SELL point. Users can select from 60+ indicators and patterns. To know more in detail about BUY and SELL, for more details, please refer How does the Indicators selection work?Example: EMA (7) crosses below EMA (14) ‘AND’ or ‘OR’ Logic connectors can be used when user wants to combine more than one indicators to form a single entry/exit strategy. You can connect more than one indicator with the help of an ‘AND’ or ‘OR’ connectors, more details please refer How 'AND' or 'OR' Logic Connectors work? Stop-loss % and Take Profit %: Stop Loss and Take Profit are the orders which helps user to manage their risk and optimize the strategy return. For more detail please refer Stop-Loss and Take-profit Trailing stop-loss: If the security price rises or falls in your favour, the stop loss % moves with it. If the security price rises or falls against you, the stop loss % stays in place. For more detail please refer Trailing-stop-lossGraphical Representation of Strategy:While creating a strategy, and selecting Entry and Exit condition and adding indicators, users can also view the conditions in graphical form on the left side of the page. It helps to visualize multiple conditions, using "AND"/"OR" to collectively form a single strategy with a single entry/exit point event.  Build Strategy Page 2 - Symbol Selection:Symbol: You can select the symbol you want to trade from the equity cash market, future from NSE. You can add a maximum of up to 16 instruments. Quantity states the number of equity shares or future lots to be used by the strategy.Product type:You can change order type from Intraday (MIS) to Delivery (CNC/NRML). This will change the Backtest results as well.Backtest period:It is the lookback period to perform a Backtest and is defined by selecting the start and stop date for the Backtest. Backtest period can be modified to re-run Backtest i.e. users can change the start and end date of the Backtest period but the period range is limited based on the candle interval. Save and Backtest Strategy:Once all the mandatory inputs required to Create Strategy are selected or added in the page then the user can click on ‘Save & Backtest'

Question: How does the Indicators selection work?
Answer: Technical indicators are mathematical calculations based on the price or volume of a security/contract. By analyzing historical data, technical analysts use indicators to confirm the right price to enter and exit symbols. Examples of common technical indicators include the Relative Strength Index, Stochastics, MACD and Bollinger Bands.Users can select technical indicators by keying in or selecting the indicators using dropdown buttons to create conditions on various different indicators.   First, start off by searching for an indicator by clicking on the drop down button  Once a user selects an indicator, the ‘Select indicators’ dialog box shows up as below with some sections:Select Indicator Dialog Box: Each condition in a trading strategy has 3 parts:1. Indicator - Selection of Technical indicator and its parameters such as RSI, MOM, Supertrend etc.2. Comparator - A logical comparator such as higher than, lower than, crosses above, crosses below etc. 3. Compare Indicator - Something to compare ‘Indicator’ with, a value such as number, OHLCV etc. or other indicators  ParametersOn the selection of an indicator, the user will be shown a bunch of parameters filled with appropriate default values which the user can edit. Each indicator has some required parameters and some optional parameters. All parameters have some default value.Users can put in whatever values they seem appropriate for the indicator to calculate the results.ComparatorAt times an indicator can have multiple outputs. The user selects the required output and adds a condition to check if the output value is higher/lower than the number mentioned.    Sample strategy conditions examples Below are a few examples of how a Select indicator condition can be set up Condition 1:Trigger an ‘BUY' event when the MACD (12, 26, 9) line Crosses Above MACD Signal (12,26,9) line.  Condition 2:Trigger an ‘SELL’ event when the EMA (7) line crosses below SMA(20) line.

Question: How 'AND' or 'OR' Logic Connectors work?
Answer: 'AND' or 'OR' Logic connectors can be used when a user wants to combine more than one indicator to form a single entry/exit strategy. You can connect more than one indicator with the help of an 'AND' or 'OR' connectors. There are two kinds of logic blocks: 'AND'The 'AND' logic block is used when the user wants to apply more than one condition and only fulfills all the conditions entry or exit event is triggered.  'OR'The 'OR' logic block is used when the user wants to apply more than one condition, and when either of the conditions gets fulfilled, entry or exit event is triggered. To summarize:A AND B ==> Condition A & condition B are true. A OR B ==> Either A or B conditions are true.All logic connectors can also be connected to create a more complicated strategy. Graphical Representation of Sample Strategy

Question: How 'Stop Loss' and 'Take Profit' work?
Answer: At C, we provide you with a simple keying in stop loss and target profit percentage to add stop-loss and take-profit to your strategy.After the strategy enters a position, the target stop-loss price and the target take profit is calculated on the average of the entry price.Stop Loss:  By the use of stop loss the person can limit the extent of loss by fixing the percentage up to which he can bear loss and as soon as the price surpasses that mark, the stop loss would be triggered thereby limiting the extent of loss in a particular trade Take Profit:  whenever a person enters into any trade there is always a target in a trader’s mind that this trade should give him X% profit. So the trader can put his target profit % and as soon as the price reached its target the system should book profit. By virtue of this the trader does not have to sit in front of his screen and wait and watch for the trade to reach its target and then sell it. System will book the profit when price reached to the expected return.Add the take profit of % and stop-loss %. You can also apply Trailing Stop Loss.   For any trading system, it is important to enter stop loss and target profit percentage as a part of creating a strategy. It is very important that traders plan their entry/exit and risk before entering a trade so as to better manage their risk and return.

